<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="precautions_for_use">
    <title>Precautions for use</title>
    <body>
        <p>
            <ol id="ol_dbs_5kf_bhb">
                <li id="li_ebs_5kf_bhb">Read through this package insert, the safety data sheet
                    (SDS) and the LUMIPULSE <b><i>G</i></b> System Operation Manual. Follow the
                    instructions. Incorrect use of the reagents, instruments, or other consumables
                    may result in unreliable data or accident hazard.</li>
                <li id="li_fbs_5kf_bhb">The Total Tau Cartridges (Antibody-Coated Particle Solution
                    / Biotinylated Antibody Solution / Enzyme-Labeled Streptavidin Solution), Total
                    Tau Calibrators set, Substrate Solution, and Wash Solution are packed
                    separately.</li>
                <li id="li_gbs_5kf_bhb">The Total Tau Cartridges can be stored on-board the
                    LUMIPULSE <b><i>G</i></b> System for a maximum of 30 days.</li>
                <li id="li_hbs_5kf_bhb">Do not use expired reagents.</li>
                <li id="li_ibs_5kf_bhb">To ensure measurement accuracy, always use freshly purified
                    water.</li>
                <li id="li_jbs_5kf_bhb">Avoid using the reagents which may have been stored in an
                    improper way.</li>
                <li id="li_kbs_5kf_bhb">Use new sampling tips and new sample cups as specified by
                    the LUMIPULSE <b><i>G</i></b> System Operation Manual. Contact your local
                    distributor, for assessing compatibility of other sample containers with the
                    LUMIPULSE <b><i>G</i></b> System.</li>
                <li id="li_lbs_5kf_bhb">Bring the Total Tau Calibrators set to room temperature
                    (15-25 °C) before use. Add exactly 1.0 mL of Reconstituting Solution to each
                    lyophilized calibrator. Mix the calibrators by vortexing and use the calibrators
                    as completely dissolved solution. The calibrators after reconstitution may be
                    stored at 2-10 °C for up to 1 week or at -20 °C for up to 2 months when stored
                    in a proper way avoiding contamination and evaporation. Calibrators may not
                    undergo more than 3 freeze-thaw cycles.</li>
                <li id="li_mbs_5kf_bhb">Avoid bubbles in sample cups as this can cause sampling
                    errors.</li>
                <li id="li_nbs_5kf_bhb">Start the total Tau assay immediately after sample setup to
                    avoid evaporation of the specimen or the calibrators.</li>
                <li id="li_obs_5kf_bhb">Avoid removing the Substrate Solution until it is time to
                    replace it. The Substrate Solution cannot be used if it is contaminated with
                    ALP. Use new gloves when replacing the Substrate Solution.</li>
                <li id="li_wzm_vkf_bhb">Replace the Soda lime on the LUMIPULSE <b><i>G</i></b>
                    System according to the LUMIPULSE <b><i>G</i></b> System Operation Manual.</li>
            </ol>
        </p>
    </body>
</topic>
