<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="principle_of_the_procedure">
    <title>Principle of the procedure</title>
    <body>
        <p>Lumipulse <b><i>G</i></b> Total Tau is an assay system, including a set of immunoassay
            reagents, for the quantitative measurement of total Tau in specimens based on CLEIA
            technology8) by a specific two-step immunoassay method on the LUMIPULSE G System.</p>
        <p id="p_gs3_xcf_bhb">&lt;Reaction Protocol; Specific Two-Step Mode></p>
        <p id="p_eyr_xcf_bhb">
            <simpletable frame="none" id="simpletable_sdd_2df_bhb">
                <strow>
                    <stentry>Reagent specimen set</stentry>
                    <stentry/>
                </strow>
            </simpletable>
            <simpletable frame="none" id="simpletable_pyv_hdf_bhb">
                <strow>
                    <stentry>Sampling</stentry>
                    <stentry>Total Tau Calibrator or specimen and biotinylated antibody solution are
                        both added to particle solution.</stentry>
                </strow>
            </simpletable>
            <simpletable frame="none" id="simpletable_bxs_jdf_bhb">
                <strow>
                    <stentry>First Reaction</stentry>
                    <stentry>Total Tau in specimens or calibrators specifically binds to anti-total
                        Tau monoclonal antibody (mouse) on the particles, and biotinylated antibody
                        (mouse). Biotinylated antibody-antigen immuno-complexes are
                        formed.</stentry>
                </strow>
            </simpletable>
            <simpletable frame="none" id="simpletable_xjk_ldf_bhb">
                <strow>
                    <stentry>Washing</stentry>
                    <stentry>The particles are washed and rinsed to remove unbound
                        materials.</stentry>
                </strow>
            </simpletable>
            <simpletable frame="none" id="simpletable_ax1_mdf_bhb">
                <strow>
                    <stentry>Second Reaction</stentry>
                    <stentry>Alkaline phosphatase (ALP)-labeled streptavidin specifically binds to
                        biotinylated immuno-complexes on the particles.</stentry>
                </strow>
            </simpletable>
            <simpletable frame="none" id="simpletable_ycq_mdf_bhb">
                <strow>
                    <stentry>Washing</stentry>
                    <stentry>
                        <p id="p_oxj_rdf_bhb">The particles are washed and rinsed to remove unbound
                            materials.</p>
                    </stentry>
                </strow>
            </simpletable>
            <simpletable frame="none" id="simpletable_vkc_ndf_bhb">
                <strow>
                    <stentry>Enzyme Reaction</stentry>
                    <stentry>Substrate Solution is added and mixed with the particles. AMPPD*
                        contained in the Substrate Solution is dephosphorylated by the catalysis of
                        ALP indirectly conjugated to particles.</stentry>
                </strow>
            </simpletable>
            <simpletable frame="none" id="simpletable_k1t_ndf_bhb">
                <strow>
                    <stentry>Luminescence Measurement</stentry>
                    <stentry>Luminescence (at a maximum wavelength of 477 nm) is generated by the
                        cleavage reaction of dephosphorylated AMPPD. The luminescent signal reflects
                        the amount of total Tau present in the sample.</stentry>
                </strow>
            </simpletable>
        </p>
        <p id="p_dyl_5df_bhb">*AMPPD: 3-(2’-spiroadamantane)-4-methoxy-4-(3”-phosphoryloxy)
            phenyl-1, 2-dioxetane disodium salt</p>
    </body>
</topic>
