<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="reagent_preparation">
    <title>Reagent preparation</title>
    <body>
        <ol id="ol_ex4_bpf_bhb">
            <li id="li_fx4_bpf_bhb"><b>Lumipulse <b><i>G</i></b> Total Tau Immunoreaction
                    Cartridges</b><p id="p_cfn_dpf_bhb">Total Tau Cartridges are filled with
                    Antibody-Coated Particle Solution, Biotinylated Antibody Solution, and
                    Enzyme-Labeled Streptavidin Solution. Peel off the transparent film from the
                    Immunoreaction Cartridge case before installing the case for
                measurement.</p></li>
            <li id="li_ykn_2pf_bhb"><b>Lumipulse <b><i>G</i></b> Total Tau Calibrators set</b><p
                    id="p_cqg_gpf_bhb">Bring to room temperature (15-25 °C). Add exactly 1.0 mL of
                    Reconstituting Solution to each lyophilized calibrator. Mix the calibrators by
                    vortexing and use the calibrators as completely dissolved solution.
                    Reconstituted calibrators may be aliquoted in sample tubes (i.e. same storage
                    tube as the one used for CSF samples). These aliquots may be stored at 2-10 °C
                    for up to 1 week or at -20 °C for up to 2 months when stored in a proper way
                    avoiding contamination and evaporation. Calibrators may not undergo more than 3
                    freeze-thaw cycles. Dispense the required amount (more than 150 μL for duplicate
                    measurement) of calibrators into the recommended sample cups, taking into
                    account the dead volume which is at least 100 μL (total volume at least 250 μL).
                    Refer to the LUMIPULSE <b><i>G</i></b> System Operation Manual for recommended
                    sample cups, and the dead volume.</p></li>
            <li id="li_adh_hpf_bhb"><b>Lumipulse <b><i>G</i></b> Substrate Solution</b><p
                    id="p_mqz_hpf_bhb">Use as is. Refer to the LUMIPULSE <b><i>G</i></b> System
                    Operation Manual for installing into the LUMIPULSE <b><i>G</i></b> System and
                    the package insert of Lumipulse <b><i>G</i></b> Substrate Solution for general
                    information. Ensure the substrate cap seal is properly installed to avoid air
                    entering the system.</p></li>
            <li id="li_y3y_3pf_bhb"><b>Lumipulse <b><i>G</i></b> Wash Solution</b><p
                    id="p_dzt_jpf_bhb">10 × concentrated solution. Prior to use, dilute 10 × with
                    purified water and mix thoroughly. The diluted Wash Solution shall be brought to
                    room temperature (15-25 °C). Refer to the LUMIPULSE <b><i>G</i></b> System
                    Operation Manual for loading on to the LUMIPULSE <b><i>G</i></b> System and the
                    package insert of Lumipulse <b><i>G</i></b> Wash Solution for general
                    information. </p></li>
        </ol>
    </body>
</topic>
